www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: root

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: root

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: admin

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: postmaster

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: anonymous

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su administrator
su administrator
No passwd entry for user 'administrator'
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: administrator

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: webadmin

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: sysadmin

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: netadmin

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: guest

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: user

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: web

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: test

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: adm

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: tech

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: recovery

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: operator

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: client

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: manager

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: customer

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
dPassword: evice

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: device

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: isp

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: cisco

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: super

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: anonymous

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: login

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: tiger

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: public

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: system

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: info

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: sysadm

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
sPassword: etup

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: support

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: abuse

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su root
su root
Password: postmaster

su: Authentication failure
www-data@xubuntu:/home/ftpuser$ su ftpuser
su ftpuser
Password: ftpuser

root@xubuntu:~# ls
ls
root@xubuntu:~# 
root@xubuntu:~# cat /etc/hosts
cat /etc/hosts
127.0.0.1       localhost
127.0.1.1       xubuntu

# The following lines are desirable for IPv6 capable hosts
::1     ip6-localhost ip6-loopback
fe00::0 ip6-localnet
ff00::0 ip6-mcastprefix
ff02::1 ip6-allnodes
ff02::2 ip6-allrouters
root@xubuntu:~# 
